All right everybody.
This is the exciting part because up until now well we've created our startup planning page.
It looks great but it's only on our laptops.
Right.
If you're starting a business you're not going to go to every customer.
Give them your laptop and say hey check out my startup landing page.
No we want to use the Internet right.
We want to be able to put this Web site online but we also want people to be able to click on this and
have a way to submit their email address so that maybe when your startup launches you can email them
and ask them to make a purchase.
So this is the fun part.
Now that we've created the page how can we make it interactive.
Well for this section we're going to use something called MailChimp and MailChimp is a e mail marketing
service.
There's other tools like Mailer lite and a ton of others that allow you to have this exact functionality
a way for users to click on a button submit a form and save that information somewhere for you to use
later now in order for this part to work.
We need to create an account and sign up for free with MailChimp.
Now I've already gone through the steps so you don't have to watch me type along but just a heads up
what we're going to do it is completely free isn't going to cost you anything.
But we do want to create an account with MailChimp so that we can create our email form so I want you
to go ahead do this.
It might ask you for your home address and that is actually a requirement especially in some parts of
the world where to avoid spam and spam bots.
You have to provide your home address or some sort of an address so that they know that you are a real
human who is asking people to sign up to their newsletter but just go through the steps here.
Just create your password get started.
You might have to confirm your account with your e-mail.
But it should take you no longer than five minutes.
Once you have done that you can pause the video.
Otherwise let's signing two million.
Now one thing actually before we sign in is if you look at the pricing there is a free tier and this
is where we're going to use where we can just create a form.
And as long as we have less than two thousand contacts it's going to be completely free.
Again if you're creating a startup landing page and you're getting more than 2000 people interested
well then you're probably going to make some money so you can start paying for this service.
But up until 2000 sign ups Well it's completely free.
So that's really really nice.
All right.
Once you've created an account let's log in.
There we go.
We have our dashboard now.
I want you to keep in mind when you work with a service like this which is essentially a Web site online
of a company they're always going to change how the Web site looks.
So when you're watching this video you might not have the exact same look as I do.
Don't worry about it.
Most of the core functionalities are going to be the same.
You might have just different buttons organized differently but what we want to do is essentially go
to audience if you click on manage audience click on sign up forms.
You can actually create your own audience so let's just call this 1 0 2 Mastery students.
You can have different settings such as enabling captcha enabling double opt in which again sends contact
opt in confirmation.
So when people sign up they'll get a confirmation email that they've subscribed and you can also enable
GDP fields.
Now we don't need to worry about that too much.
Let's create a form name named call it 0 2 mastery you can provide a default email address if you want
scroll all the way down and you don't need to worry about too much let's just save audience and campaign
defaults.
All right.
We've created our list.
So now if I click back on audience you see that I have 0 2 Mastery students.
If I go to campaigns now and say create campaign and instead of a sign out form we're going to click
on landing page.
Now the landing page name can be whatever you want.
Let's say startup with an exclamation mark.
We want to target the audience 0 2 Mastery students.
We can click begin and here we can select a template that we want now in our case we can just have the
grow your list template and you can customize this however you want.
You can have different headings here such as this is the best business in the world.
We can have a logo if you want.
We can use the 0 2 mastery logo that I've already uploaded and we can just leave the email and subscriber
or the way it is.
Again this Web site is going to let you customize things differently and depending on when you watch
the video these might be a little bit different.
It doesn't really matter as long as we get this e-mail form.
So if I click save and close and I go save and close we now have my startup page which I can just add
a page title let's say startup idea
we can add a U.R.L. so this allows you to have your own custom U.R.L. if you want.
But in our case we want the free option so I can just create let's say Z team students and point so
fight safe here.
I now have a page Sholto a U.R.L. we have the audience which is 0 2 Mastery students.
We have the content which is why we just created an all I need to do now is say publish high five.
Thank you very much now your lending page is now live on the web right here.
So check this out if I copy and paste this into the link there is my page.
Now all we need to do is copy this link.
Go to my find out more and make it so that when a user clicks on it it goes to that page and that's
super easy right.
We can just create an A tag with an H ref.
And this H ref will have the link that we just copied.
So let's close that
close the 8:00 tag if I had save
and refresh if I click.
Now.
How cool is that.
But this isn't even the coolest part.
The coolest part is now I can create just a random e-mail.
Let's say one two three four Andy One two three four a G.M. dot com Click subscribe and oh we have almost
finished.
So you see over here how I got the you need to confirm your email address and that's because we clicked
on that setting where people had to confirm their email address because while we don't want just anybody
to sign up to our newsletter we want to make sure they're human and not just bots.
So instead let's go back and actually give my email address subscribe find out go back to go to my email
Hey check it out.
Look at that.
I have the 0 2 Mastery students.
Yes.
Subscribe me to the list.
So if I click on this now I'm now subscribed to the list and if I go to my campaign's you'll see that
I have two clicks on this campaign.
So if I now actually go to view report I'll have a new subscriber that if I go to audience now you can
see that I have a new contact and there we go.
We have myself as the new subscriber.
And as people get more and more interested in your startup they're going to sign up more and more and
you'll be able to send them.
And you know how cool is that let's take a break and I'll see you in the next video so that we can actually
put this Web site online instead of just on our computers.
I'll see you one by.